# practical-application-

# Handling the missing values
Since car column has no importance in terms of whether the coupon will be accepted or not it doesn't matter if it has null values values. However if we dropped the car column it will erase a lot of data so the best thing to do with the car column is leave it. This follow non null values for the car column, (Scooter and motorcycle', 'crossover', 'Mazda5', 'do not drive', 'Car that is too old to install Onstar :D') does not have any importance with accepting the coupons and since there are overwelming more null value than all non null values combined for the car column it is best to leave as it is. For Bar, Coffee House, Carry out and Takeaway, Restaurants less than 20 and Restaurants 20 to 50, those were filled in with the highest frequency of the the non null values, since the missing values in those catagories are small and they are important for the question, will the customer accept the coupon?

# Bar Coupon
Based on the observations and analysis of the bar coupons data, we can make the following hypotheses about drivers who accepted the bar coupons we that for Frequency of Bar Visit where drivers who go to bars more frequently for more than once a month they tend to have a higher acceptance rate for bar coupons, which suggests that individuals who already have a habit of visiting bars are more likely to accept such coupons.
In terms of the Age Factor, younger drivers that are under the age of 30, show a higher acceptance rate for bar coupons, which shows that the age demographic plays a role in the likelihood of accepting bar-related offers.
For Passenger and Marital Status the drivers who go to bars more than once a month, have passengers that are not kids, and are not widowed shows a higher acceptance rate. Which shows that social factors, such as having a partner or friends as passenger has an impact to the acceptance of bar coupons.
For Occupation Influence the Drivers that go to bars more than once a month, have passengers that are not kids, and have occupations other than farming, fishing, or forestry shows a higher acceptance rate. Which shows the certain occupations may be more receptive to bar-related promotions.
For Income and Restaurant Visits, which is regarding drivers who go to cheap restaurants more than 4 times a month and have an income less than $50K resulted in a NaN (Not a Number) acceptance rate which means there are no acceptance nor non acceptance data for that catagory since there are probably null values in there.
Overall, the acceptance of bar coupons as a factors based combination of factors such as age, frequency of bar visits, passengers and marital status, occupation, and potentially income. And it shows how certain drivers are impacted in bar acceptence.

# Carryout and Takeaway Coupon
For the independent investigation, the analysis was done on carryout and takeaway coupon with graphs of acceptance rate for each category. 
For Passenger,the Carryout and Take away coupons used with Friend(s) or when the member is Alone they tend to have higher acceptance rates. For Gender, Carryout and Take away Coupons used by Males have a slightly higher acceptance rate compared to females.For Age, the ones aged 50 and above show a higher acceptance rate. For, Marital Status, the ones who are Widowed have a notably higher acceptance rate. For Occupation,the Building & Grounds Cleaning & Maintenance and Protective Service exhibit very high acceptance rates. For Income, the ones incomes between  25000−37499 and  50000−62499 tend to have higher acceptance rates.
Overall for Carryout and Takeaway coupon members they are generally accepted throughout the demographics, but the main takeawyas are Widowed individuals show a remarkably high acceptance rate, Occupations like Building & Grounds Cleaning & Maintenance and Protective Service have very high acceptance rates and higher acceptance rates are observed among Males, individuals aged 50 and above, and those with incomes between  25000−62499.
